lately, I've shifted my focus to writing sctipts in Python3.8, using all open-source Pythom libraries in cloud-native, multi OCI compliant cloud platform, browser-based cyber security solutions for some challenging internet security issues that have resisted correction. I believe that the current traditional and conventional manner in which the cyber-security industry is approaching the current level of cyber threats is not suited for it's intended purpose. Every cyber-security proffessional is overworked trying to keep up on individual workstations to mitigate a breach when the detection should be performed at the ISP level. These are the days where it is no great challenge for a nation-state, like Russia, to be able to hijack an IP by routing it through their mirror and then on to it's destination, the mirror site monitors an unsuspecting user's every move on line without detection. The Russians do that by manipulating the Domain Name Registrar's registration by dropping the domain for administrative reasons but does not actually shut down the domain. What that does is, When the domain is dropped from the Dynamic Name Service (DNS) zone there is no data transmitted the can be read by internet protocols because the zone is dropped, but the  IP is still accessing the internet, it's just not recognized, so it's invisible to network discovery and security tools. This type of exploitation takes place at the Domain Registar, which is, in this case, Russian state-controlled. Then they use that invisible IP address to configure a GPG router to inject fake route map announcments in the GPG Route Map System attaching a third or fourth level subdomain with a self-signed CA and a mismasthched SSL certificates, originating from a 2nd or 3rdlevel ISP on a private peering connection. It's invisible, that's how they reroute IPs so that they can monitor users world wide. That's what this code will detect.
<!---
marklindsey11/marklindsey11 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
